Selectors and switches select road blocks are used to select defined elements from for example Victor.
Let's see how selector can be found in signal routing blocks library double click and add to Untitled
I will add Coniston block
display block
wires and together
I'll change the constant to for example mind comma eight comma zero comma two
to customize this electoral block.
Double click.
First we need to tell the blog and the input signal has for but
to define the index of which element to choose.
For example one comma to to select the first and second element.
You can select the index option to be zero based to come from zero or 1 based to account from 1
now run as you can see 8 and 9 switches switches are used just like if statements in programming but
was some limitation and certain ways to use in order to use switches from signal routing and switch
block multipoint switch and manual switch
constant pluck.
This play plunk
I will add also step block
sine wave block scoop
switch block a second on this feed it to center point of the switch block in which a comparison is performed
between this signal and a threshold it can be bigger than or equal bigger then or almost equal.
This threshold is added from here.
For example five.
Now let's make a simple model and rise this block.
I will Colby's a kind of some pluck three times I will change the input of this block to zero
this one to five in which I will compare relative to it and I will leave this guy one I will wear the
six kind of some pluck to the center point of the switch block it is a compressor is through the output
signal will be the upper signal a folds it will be the lower signal
now run six is bigger than five so the output signal is zero let's compare to five.
Can you think of the output
through the output is one manual switch manual switch select between two signals by simply double clicks
a block for example suppose that you have built its system and you want to try two inputs like step
input on sine wave input simply add a manual switch why a pulse signal to it and double click to switch
between the two signals
multiple ports switch an integer on the top of the multi port switch their minds which of the rest of
the elements will be connected to the output if the top input is for example 1 the first of these inputs
will be selected as the top input is to the second of these inputs is selected and so on.
Let's say an example I will double click a block and change the number of data points to 4
copies a display block and where it copy for constant plucks and wires them
I will change these values to mind minus nine
zero now it is the first constant is ones in the first input is selected which is nine let's try for
zero as selected.